This dream journal entry is dated 05/17/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. General description: man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword that resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword and an energy tether that resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

Alone in a dark void, the darkness became a second skin that covered my entire body.

I transformed into a faceless, solid black entity, with the power to manipulate and control electric energy.

As the power radiated from my fists and illuminated the dark space, I realized that I had become someone else entirely.

I had become the hero known as Black Out.

The dark void vanishes and I appear at a surprise party for Black Out.

I do not know any of the people around me from the waking world, because the party is not for me but for Black Out.

While I was in Black Out's body, I did not seem to inherit all of his memories.

Over the course of the party, I picked up on certain details about his life.

He had a school of followers who wanted to learn how to become as powerful as him.

He was a super celebrity with dangerous rivals who wanted him dead.

He was a bit of a ladies' man, which drew a lot of attention and sadly made the women around him a target.

One woman who got too close to him quickly became the target of a rival who was an explosives specialist.

I had to augment my speed by pushing pulses of electricity through my nervous system in order to get to her in time, and move her out of the way of an explosion.

The rival had become nothing more than a despicable villain in my eyes.

I grabbed him by the neck, and slammed him into a wall with my enhanced speed.

I punched him over and over, until he was unrecognizable.

This type of lucidity where I am aware and in control, but not controlling myself is always fascinating.

Looking back on this dream, I think I know why I became someone else.

The nervous system stimulation and enhanced abilities are what gave it away.

I have a nerve stimulation device that I do not use, because despite it enhancing my abilities it makes me feel like a different person.

I think Black Out was a version of that person.

Someone who let electricity transform their mind and body so much that it became a part of them and completely changed who they were.
