Dream journal entry dated 05/24/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

The relevant continuity includes Mall World, the Storyverse, Lucid Light, Jet, and Jet's crew aboard Leon. Jet is a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether.

I return where my last dream left off inside of the infinite Mall World.

The terrible stench is not enough to stop me this time.

I summon the power of the plant hero that I remembered from my previous dream.

An armor made of grassy green roots and a cape of moss form over my body as flowers sprout all over the mall.

The sweet flowers help to eliminate the odor that had once defeated me.

I confront the knights that act as mall security. Each wears a red chest plate and blue greaves, but more importantly each has no nose.

I reveal to them that I have seen through their trap.

They use an odor that they themselves cannot smell to keep uninvited guests outside of Mall World.

Having overcome the trap, I find myself in a school connected to Mall World.

A school specifically designed for superheroes.

I go on several adventures at the superhero school that all seem to blur together.

I remember riding a train, combating a swarm of rats, making friends, and making rivals.

I even remember downtime moments of enjoying ice cream, watching cartoons, and bonding with fellow students.

But many specific faces, names, and identities feel somewhat lost to me upon waking up.

Were they other dreamers of Mall World or simply dream characters?

I suppose that is a mystery for another day and another dream.
