Dream journal entry dated 05/26/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes floating together in a cosmic void.

The relevant continuity includes Jet, Lucid Light, the Storyverse, Jet's crew aboard Leon, the rainbow crystal sword, and the recent pattern of fighting knights in dreams. Jet is a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether.

Jet noticed that he had been fighting knights in his dreams each night for the past few days. He realized there was something oddly satisfying about fighting knights because of their faceless aesthetic. Their reflective metal helms made them look identical, like simple mindless grunts who wanted to fight him as badly as he wanted to fight them.

Jet decided to start this lucid dream in a brawl with knights to keep the streak alive while doing something new. Before bed, he had been thinking about strong fictional metals and metals with anti-magic properties. Those thoughts inspired him to fight the knights without using magical attacks.

Instead, Jet used his fists. Punching metal armor hurt, but he refused to let that stop him. He used his rainbow crystal sword only to heal his fists after each impact. Every time his fists healed, they became stronger.

Eventually Jet's healed fists became powerful enough that each punch damaged the armor instead of damaging his hands. The knights were animate suits of armor, and they clattered apart once his strikes bypassed their toughness.

After waking, Jet named the recurring faceless knights "Knightmares." He also named the martial arts technique "Rejutsu": a method that bypasses traditional and anti-magic defenses by using magic only to heal the body into superhuman muscular power, not to attack directly.
