I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I. Leon is my Ghostly UFO, a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Johnson resembles an orange humanoid goldfish wearing a blue astronaut suit without a helmet. Lucid Light is sparkling purple reality-warping energy that shines like a night sky full of stars.

My name is Jet. I look like a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword, a colorful futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether that resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

In my dreams, I love to experience superhero action. I often dream of facing off against impossible threats, while wielding incredible powers. But before bed, I bought a new mixed reality superhero game that gave me that kind of experience in the waking world. With my superhero action side partially satiated, my sleeping mind becomes more attracted to narrative than combat. While I really like my new game, it does not have a story.

I told Johnson about the cool powers that I wield in the game, and asked him if he could create a robot with those same powers. Utilizing the robotics lab inside of Leon, Johnson creates Superhero Mandroid.

Superhero Mandroid can summon a rechargeable holo shield and fire off regenerating, projectile, rapid fire, rocket punches. Superhero Mandroid resembles a human man with white skin, slicked back brown hair, a red superhero unitard, a chest insignia with the initials "SHM" in yellow font, a yellow cape, and large mechanical green fists.

In my mixed reality game that I played before bed, I fought monsters that pour out of a large purple portal. To give Superhero Mandroid a similar purpose, I want him to travel across the Storyverse to protect dreamers from nightmares who enter people's dreams through portals.

Johnson mentions that astral thread would be a useful component for Superhero Mandroid, so that he can sew shut nightmare portals. Leon's robotics lab, however, seems to not have any astral thread in stock.

In search of astral thread, I find myself facing off against a witch. The witch has a singular glowing red cyclops eye, light purple skin, shoulder-length white hair, a dark purple outfit, and a glowing blue crystal amulet.

The witch whispers hypnotically that we'll never be able to claim her astral thread. Her words bore their way into the minds of Johnson and I, but Superhero Mandroid is immune to her mind control.

Using his rocket fist he aims for the obvious source of the witch's power, destroying the crystal blue amulet. Stripped of her hypnotic abilities, the witch surrenders her astral thread to us.

Johnson loads a spool of astral thread into Superhero Mandroid and we send him on his way through the Storyverse to help protect dreamers from nightmares.
