Dream journal entry dated 06/08/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

I feel my soul leave my body and travel into the cosmos. I do not feel like I am just dreaming. I feel like my non-physical self is literally traversing another plane.

I encounter two strangers, and yet I recognize their names immediately. One is Professor Weird, a powerful wizard dressed in colorful robes, with a full beard and a cowlick of black and white hair. The other is Infiniter, a reality warper with short messy black hair, blue eyes, and an all-white jump suit.

Professor Weird states that he is here to act as the referee to prevent Infiniter and I from annihilating existence with our reality bending contest.

Infiniter wants us to play football as the contest of choice, but I want us to create realities as the contest of choice. Infiniter does not see himself as the creative type, and I am not that into sports. Feeling a little off, the Professor mystically scans me and helps give me peace of mind that I am okay.

I start to weave together a reality with glowing blue threads, but at some point I must have fallen into my own creation.

I spent a lot of time in a massive school of the arts focused on crafting comic books. But the school seemed to be filled with crime, drama, and supernatural forces. I shifted from mission to mission at the school as if I was in a videogame.

I narrowly avoid death at the hands of a serial killer at the school, while celebrating alongside a woman who heavily resembled me who had won both Comic Writer Cup awards. I was extremely proud of her, while also being wary of the serial killer's presence.

For most of my time within the school, I did not seem lucid, but as the dream continued my lucidity caught back up with me. It returned when I questioned how long I had been there, which made me reason that my alarm must be almost ready to go off and that I must still be dreaming.

The inciting incident of this dream, the challenge from Infiniter, was the most interesting part because it did not feel like a dream. It felt more like a spiritual journey where I recognized other beings I encountered despite never having met them before. The transition from soul traveling through the cosmos into the weaved dream made the difference easier to verify. Soul travel was not the same kind of experience.
