Dream journal entry dated 06/22/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void. I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.

My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.

Leon is my Ghostly UFO, a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.

Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit does not have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.

Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day, he helped me discover the wider Storyverse and began my adventures exploring other Storyverse worlds.

Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome body, spiky slicked-back yellow hair, and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They can manipulate matter and were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.

Lucid Light is a reality-warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.

Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.

Savannah is a pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that cover her forehead, glowing red eyes, and a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She wields a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.

Tecton is Savannah's father: a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.

Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot.

Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. They became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword, which resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether, which resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrive alone on a beach where I am almost immediately attacked by robot laser hornets.

I am not in the mood to fight.

I use my rainbow crystal sword to rapidly heal myself as I am struck by a barrage of laser fire.

I request for the robo-hornets to take me to their leader.

They inject me with a cyber venom that is meant to knock me unconscious.

It makes me feel very relaxed, but I resist falling asleep.

I instead interface with the cyber venom within me, feeling in-tune with technology.

When we arrive at the sky base and encounter the robo-hornet leader, I am surprised that their leader is a gorilla robot made up of exposed circuits with glowing neon blue eyes.

I intuitively know that his name is Tech-A-Ton, or TAT.

TAT is surprised that I know his name already, which helps me build trust with him almost immediately.

He asks if I fear him and I let him know that I do not.

This makes TAT feel even more comfortable as we start to discuss technology, evolution, and philosophy.

Apparently he only attacked me originally because he believed that no one would ever accept him for what he is.

He wanted to lash out at the world before the world could lash out at him.

I helped to show him that not everyone would reject him outright and that you should not assume that everyone will hate you, because everyone has different opinions and preferences.

I often am a big fan of epic superpowered battles, but sometimes all I want to do is just spend time having good conversations with others.

This was a good and satisfying dream.
