This dream journal entry is dated 05/22/2026.
I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

Alone I flew through the Storyverse in search of Captain Dream.

Captain Dream was a character idea I had come up with only moments before going to sleep, but the concept was not fully developed. In order to iron out the details, there was no better way to learn about them than to meet them in person.

Originally I imagined them as a power armored superhero with armor made of Lucid Light with a glowing neon white trim. But when I arrived in their land, I found myself on an island made of clouds. The island was covered in temples made of clouds and fenced in pastures of cloud sheep.

When I discovered Captain Dream he did not look at all like I thought he would. He looked less like a superhero and more like a god. He had shoulder-length silver hair, shimmering blue eyes, long flowing white robes, and a wooden staff. He did not even really go by the name Captain Dream. He was better known as the Shepherd of Sleep.

Despite the visual differences, he possessed the same powers that I imagined he would. He can travel between dream worlds, communicate with dreamers telepathically, and control psychic energy. His job is to herd the cloud sheep that people count to help them sleep.

He is a man without fear. When his flock were attacked by pink and black nightmare wolves that crackled with lightning like living storms, he did not flinch.

With the skill of a master, he used his staff like a mystical shotgun and blasted back the wolves with bolts of crackling blue psychic energy. He fought less like a superhero and more like a seasoned cowboy who knew how to defend his land.

It was incredible to see one of my rough ideas suddenly stand before me in their ultimate form.

Recurring continuity context: Jet is a lucid dream explorer with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether. Lucid Light resembles sparkling purple reality-warping energy shining like a night sky full of stars.
