This dream journal entry is dated 05/23/2026.
I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

I had a plan for what I wanted to dream about. I had heard about a place called Mall World that many people claim to dream about. I wanted to explore Mall World, add my own unique flair to it, and challenge myself.

But the very first thing that happened when I entered the Storyverse was that I encountered a strange and unfamiliar woman. She had spiky silver hair, brown skin, freckles, no nose, and green eyes. She wore knight armor with a red chestplate and blue greaves.

I tried to anchor myself in Mall World, but she kept pulling me away to a rocky mountainous area. She told me that I was defined by my routines, and that she existed to disrupt me. I refused to give her that satisfaction.

I looked around from the mountains and saw the outside of the massive mall. I started traveling down the mountain back toward the mall. I even used my Lucid Light to warp us inside the mall.

But the inside of the mall had a terrible stench that made me lose my focus. Within the dream I blacked out.

When I regained consciousness within the dream world, I was presented with shimmering visions of original heroes born from my imagination. I was told by a disembodied voice that I could only remember one of them. I chose a superhero with a body made of plants and vines.

I held on tight to that memory as I was swept back into the waking world. Hopefully next time I visit Mall World my visit will not be sabotaged. Maybe the hero I chose could be one I could rely on to defend me against beings like that weird knight.

I wonder if the knight was a rogue dream character, or possibly another dreamer. If Mall World is a shared dream space, then there may be rules surrounding it that I have yet to discover.

Recurring continuity context: Jet is a lucid dream explorer with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether. Lucid Light resembles sparkling purple reality-warping energy shining like a night sky full of stars.
