Dream journal entry dated 05/20/2026, pasted in chat.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

Alone, I imagined what my life would be like if I was a superhero named the Blue Skull.

I remembered a fringe documentary about crystal skulls that I watched when I was a child. The documentary claimed that crystal skulls were embedded with some kind of ancient information, as if they were advanced computer chips.

I donned a blue crystal skull as a helmet, which I could tap into psychically in order to control and communicate with machines.

I got into a big battle that I don't remember very well, because I lost.

The battle rocked my lucidity and I found myself traveling the world from zone to zone without much power. Each zone was different.

In one I was the only assassin in my guild, having to fight outnumbered against multiple other assassins using only shuriken.

That was a difficult zone to overcome, especially when I got ambushed while trying to save a friend at a party, but through improvised fisticuffs against my attacker and a lucky shuriken throw against the hostage taker: I managed to save my friend and escape with my life.

I danced with a squirrel dog hybrid for money at the party, and used that money to retire to a zone of logged cabins, large swimming pools, giant baked goods, and beautiful women.

It was around this time where my blue skull helmet seemed to reactivate and I regained my lucidity.

I then was able to use the helmet to move my mind to different drones all over the world.

I could go anywhere and do anything, but that's when my 4:30 AM alarm went off.

I had to leave unlimited power behind to start another mundane day.

Overall it was pretty incredible that my lucidity was able to shift in and out like that, but I'm glad that I was able to recover it shortly before I woke up.

I think a comic about a psychic, blue crystal skull helmet wearing, shuriken wielding, heroic assassin who fights against enemy assassins across a varied and wild world would be awesome.
