I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

I am in the desert alone surrounded by a pack of wolves corrupted with dark Lucid Light crystals.

I fought a dog who was corrupted like this the other day, so I am not afraid of them.

They attack me, but I simply use my rainbow crystal sword, the Sword of Life, to heal myself of the damage.

A cowboy arrives and at first I believe I am about to get some help.

But the cowboy subverts my expectations by turning into a werewolf corrupted by dark Lucid Light crystals.

I realize that he must be the source of the corruption and the leader of the pack.

The werewolf uses his lasso to snatch away the Sword of Life.

Without the Sword of Life's healing powers, the corrupted wolves start to actually hurt me.

This is not good.

The Sword of Life is one of the most powerful weapons in the Storyverse.

I cannot let the werewolf use its powers for evil.

I summon a watch made of Lucid Light.

It is the same watch I summoned the night prior.

It allows me to transform into Lucid Light Variants of my crew members.

Using the Lucid Light Watch, I transform into an LLV of Savannah.

Using the power of LLV Savannah, I wield her Death Sword to kill the corruption infecting the wolves attacking me.

The attacking wolves quickly return to normal, but the werewolf is outside of the range of my attack.

The werewolf panics and uses the Life Sword to animate desert sand into a living horse for him to ride away on.

I cannot let him get away, so I use my Lucid Light Watch to transform into LLV Skelebot.

Using LLV Skelebot's incredible speed, I race ahead of the werewolf's sand steed.

Using my Lucid Light Watch, I transform into LLV Chipper.

Using LLV Chipper's small size, flight, agility, and claws, I fly under the sand steed as it charges toward me and claw off its sand legs.

The sand steed without its legs collapses into a pile of sand mid-stride, which causes the werewolf to tumble into the ground and drop the Life Sword.

With the werewolf unconscious, I turn back to normal and reclaim the Life Sword.
