Dream journal date: 06/28/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

I arrive alone in Mall World, a land of endless stores.

I am in search of a workshop, where I can tinker all night on projects.

I encounter an elven sorceress with blue eyes, pale skin, pink blush, silver blonde hair, wearing blue robes and an eagle headdress.

The sorceress is obsessed with me and won't leave me alone.

I tell her to stop following me if she isn't going to help me find the workshop.

She casts a spell that summons a large flock of eagles and then fuses those eagles together into a jet that resembles a giant eagle.

She tells me to hop in, because she knows of a workshop outside of Mall World that has exactly what I'm looking for.

I ride with her to a futuristic workshop.

Once we arrive at the workshop, I quickly realize that she is a robot.

I start adding modifications like grapple blades shaped like talons that allow her to swing around the lab.

I add elemental cores to the sorcerer's chest, granting her the ability to infuse elemental power into her talon grapple.

The elemental power attracts an energy vampire ogre who crashes into the lab.

The ogre's plan is to absorb all of the elemental power, allowing him to rule over reality.

I create a shield of Lucid Light to block the ogre and tell the sorceress to charge up every element at once.

I drop the shield and allow the sorceress to fire the charged grapple shot at the ogre who is immediately overloaded with elemental energy.

The ogre is about to explode, so I use my Porta spell to open a portal beneath him that launches him into space.

The massive explosion occurs far away into the cosmos but still shakes the planet.

Having survived the chaos, I continue to happily tinker with the sorceress's design.

This was a fun dream of action, adventure, and creation.
