Dream journal date: 07/19/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes floating together in a cosmic void. I initially spent most of my time in one particular world called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.

My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper, and me. Leon is my Ghostly UFO, an ethereal green flying saucer who first appeared on 06/11/2025. Johnson is an orange humanoid goldfish in a helmetless blue astronaut suit whom I befriended on 08/03/2025. Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light whom I created on 09/06/2025; on that same day he helped me discover the wider Storyverse. Overdrive is a chrome robot with slicked-back spiky yellow hair, glowing green eyes, a yellow shirt, jacket, pants, and sneakers, and matter-manipulation powers; they were created on 10/20/2025. Lucid Light is sparkling purple, star-filled, reality-warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords, which I discovered on 07/19/2025. Skelebot is a humanoid robot speedster created by Johnson on 09/21/2025.

Savannah is a pale-skinned cyborg woman with long black hair and forehead-covering bangs, glowing red eyes, a futuristic silver bodysuit, and a purple-and-blue crystal Death Sword. Her father Tecton is a green-skinned, muscular humanoid cat-ogre barbarian in a brown loincloth and silver baldric. Chipper is my small levitating silver crab robot drone. I met Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper while adventuring through the Super Cathedral in early 2026, and they became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, a full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a Dream Anime graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword resembling a colorful futuristic crystal sword and an energy tether resembling a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrived alone in the city, flying around like a superhero. While I was exploring, a giant slime monster appeared and began wreaking havoc. It looked like a massive half-orb made of blue slime, with numerous tendrils extending from its body.

I flew toward the monster, and my first instinct was to try to dry it out. I used my Lucid Light like laser vision, attempting to evaporate the slime away. Only a small amount of gas came off the monster, however, and the rest of its body remained intact. The monster was able to control the gas that had evaporated from it, and it sent the gas flying into my mouth in an attempt to suffocate me.

I realized that if the creature was entering my body as gas, I might be able to release it from my body as gas as well. I forced the gas out by farting it out. Once it emerged, the gas began coughing and reacting as though it were alive.

I then noticed that the slime monster's body was no longer moving. I realized that the gaseous form was not merely a small portion of evaporated slime. It was the monster's soul. My attempt to dry out its body had accidentally separated its soul from it, and the gaseous soul was what I had actually been fighting.

I summoned my rainbow crystal sword, the Life Sword, and stabbed the monster's gaseous soul with it in order to purify the creature and remove its evil nature. Once its soul had been purified, I stabbed the sword back into the slime monster's motionless body. The soul returned to the body, and the monster suddenly sprang back to life.

Using my Lucid Light, I lifted the enormous slime monster out of the city and carried it toward the ocean. I dropped it into the water, where its slime began spreading throughout the sea, causing the creature to grow much larger. Because its soul had been purified, it no longer wanted to attack people. Instead, it used its many tendrils to catch and eat fish in order to sustain itself. The creature became a good-hearted protector of the ocean.

By defeating the slime monster and saving the city, I had essentially established myself as the strongest superhero in the world.

After transforming the slime monster into a hero of the sea, I continued flying around as a superhero. Suddenly, I was attacked by a red-haired superhero woman. She had very dark crimson-red hair tied into a ponytail and a thin but athletic body frame. She wore a green two-piece superhero costume that made her look somewhat like a professional wrestler.

She flew toward me without warning and kicked me. She then began fighting me with powerful boxer-like punches and kicks. As she attacked, she explained that she was not evil and was not trying to harm innocent people. She viewed me as her rival.

She wanted to prove that she was the greatest superhero. Because I had defeated the slime monster and saved the world, people now viewed me as the number-one hero, and she did not like being placed beneath me. Her challenge was similar to a rivalry between Goku and Vegeta. She needed to fight me to determine which of us was truly the strongest superhero.

Her first attack was extremely strong. Because I had spent the previous waking day doing robot boxing, I decided that I needed to protect myself and fight more like a robot.

I used my Lucid Light to transform my skin into metal, covering myself in a layer of armor. Once my body became metallic, her attacks barely affected me. Meanwhile, my own punches became much heavier and more damaging because I was now striking her with metal fists.

The woman then revealed that she possessed fire powers. Her crimson hair ignited into flames, and she began attacking me with flaming punches and kicks. The intense heat started melting my metallic armor. Soon, it was no longer only my skin that was melting. My entire body transformed into molten liquid metal.

Even as a mass of liquid metal, I remained conscious and continued flying. The experience reminded me of what I had done to the slime monster when I attempted to evaporate its body.

I flew toward the woman and wrapped my liquid-metal body around her. At first, she believed I had accidentally transformed myself into a suit of armor for her.

"You've become armor for me," she said.

"Yeah, if I give you the freedom to move," I replied.

I then solidified the liquid metal surrounding her body. Instead of becoming armor, my body became a metal prison that completely restrained her. I moved part of the metal over her mouth and prevented her from breathing. She did not die, but she eventually lost consciousness.

By defeating her, I proved that I was still the number-one superhero.

Once she was knocked out, I removed my liquid-metal body from around her. I then used my Lucid Light to reform myself into my normal human shape. After restoring my body, I flew away and continued exploring as a superhero.

Eventually, I encountered a group of flying superheroes. Unlike most superheroes, they did not spend their time fighting crime or saving people. They explained that their main activity was flying around and trying different kinds of potato chips. They were essentially a team of superhero potato-chip reviewers.

I thought this was extremely strange. I did not understand why a group of people with the ability to fly would spend all of their time eating and reviewing potato chips.

Then one of them handed me a chip.

It was one of the best potato chips I had ever tasted. It was shaped and textured like a tortilla chip and was extremely salty, but it also had a sweet honey flavor. There was a small amount of pepper or spice that gave it an extra kick. The flavor reminded me of the honey-roasted peanut butter that I regularly eat, although the chip was saltier and slightly spicier.

After tasting the chip, I understood why the superheroes were so interested in them. I spent the remainder of the dream flying around with the group and eating the delicious honey-salt-and-spice tortilla chips.
