Dream journal entry dated 05/25/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

The relevant continuity includes the Storyverse, Lucid Light, Jet, Jet's crew aboard Leon, the Sword of Life, and Savannah's Death Sword. Jet is a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether.

Jet traveled alongside the spirit of the plant hero to another world. The plant hero spirit had a body made of tree roots and a cape made of moss.

They arrived in a magical sword shop run by a cyborg. The cyborg scanned Jet's rainbow crystal sword and identified it as the Sword of Life. He asked Jet if he knew where the Death Sword was, and Jet confirmed that he did.

The cyborg immediately shifted his arm into a laser cannon and demanded that Jet relinquish the Sword of Life and direct him to the Death Sword. Jet refused. The cyborg fired his arm cannon at Jet's face, but the plant hero spirit bonded with Jet's body and summoned a thick bark mask over Jet's face. The mask was scorched by the laser blast, but it protected Jet.

Jet leapt over the store counter as bark knuckles formed over his fists, then knocked out the cyborg with a mighty punch.

Alarms began to blare as robot knights burst into the shop to arrest Jet. The robot knights fired laser blasts from their eyes, but Jet used his sword to deflect the blasts back at them. Jet fought several robot knights while running out of the store.

Jet ran into a swamp and met a white-robed woman with extremely long brown hair, a white trapezoid-shaped hat, an angular elven face, and radiant blue eyes. She spoke to the plant spirit and sent a message to the aliens who ran this world. She lied for Jet and the plant spirit, maybe because of their shared connection to nature, and got the aliens and their robots to leave them alone. Jet believed her name was Whittmore.

Before Jet could properly thank her or leave the swamp, he woke to a 6 AM alarm.
