Dream journal entry dated 05/27/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes floating together in a cosmic void.

The relevant continuity includes Jet, Lucid Light, the Storyverse, the rainbow crystal sword, Jet's crew aboard Leon, and the recent pattern of battling animate suits of knight armor called Knightmares. Jet is a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, a rainbow crystal sword, and a golden glittering energy tether.

Jet had been battling knights in dreams for several nights. These were not normal knights, but animate suits of knight armor that he called Knightmares.

Jet wanted to challenge himself by imagining the mightiest Knightmare he could. Alone inside an arena, he faced Omega Knight.

Omega Knight was a black Knightmare covered in mystical rubies containing the souls of its enemies. It had slain thousands of Knightmares and absorbed their power into the rubies. That magical might granted Omega Knight incredible size: it was as big as a large building and could go toe to toe with a kaiju.

As Jet learned more about Omega Knight, the solution became obvious. One of the first things he ever learned in the Storyverse was geokinesis. Rubies are stones, and metal contains stone deposits.

Jet used his power to rip Omega Knight to pieces. He then summoned a couch made of stone and flew away on it, but Omega Knight reformed and flew after him.

Jet was not threatened. He focused on making the rubies built into Omega Knight's armor burst. Without the souls of the Knightmares it had defeated, Omega Knight ran out of magical power.

The freed souls of those fallen Knightmares might present future challenges for Jet.

Good.
