This dream journal entry is dated 05/16/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void. I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025. My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword that resembles a colorful, futuristic, crystal sword and an energy tether that resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

Alone, I was back in the city where I had been fighting Needlemen the night before. Needlemen are humanoid monsters made of metal needles.

Looming over me was a massive, humanoid, dinosaur made up of metal needles. Finally I had a chance to take on the leader of the pack.

I summoned golden wristbands of power, the ones I was told I was supposed to wear, and I used their might to summon force-fields to block the Needlesaur's attacks.

The force fields were strong, but I knew they wouldn't hold forever.

As the battle raged on, the Needlesaurus began to grow tired. As it did, I realized there was something inside its core.

I rocketed toward its chest on a stream of golden energy and struck through it like a human bullet. This allowed me to free a Needleman who had been trapped inside of that monstrous form.

This entire invasion of Needlemen was all his doing, but he wasn't in control of himself. He didn't know how to use his growing power and he feared that he would once again turn into Needlesaurus.

I gave him golden wristbands of restraint that utilize the same energy that was able to block his attacks to keep his power in check.

Hopefully he should now be able to live peacefully in the city, without risk of turning into Needlesaurus again.

Not everything we see as a monster is inherently evil. Sometimes people just need help learning how to control themselves.
