Date: 07/11/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes floating together in a cosmic void. My established team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper, and me, Jet. I was alone during this dream.

I arrived alone on the beach. Feeling low on energy, I decided to feast as a god would. I flew into space to a lifeless star system. I consumed the power of a star and became a flaming, giant, cosmic god. I kicked the flameless star as if it were a soccer ball across the universe.

The flameless star went outside the observable universe and into the land beyond. I chased after it and found myself inside an amalgamation of tons and tons of colorful jelly cubes. I remembered the jelly cubes from a long time ago in a dream I had long before I ever discovered the Storyverse. It had felt more like a vision of another reality dying, with the only survivors being jelly-cube beings with fuzzy antennae called Minicubes.

Feeling bad for the Minicubes who did not have a home, I used Lucid Light to create a grassy paradise world for them in the Storyverse. The Minicubes were grateful and wanted to thank me by assimilating me into their collective. They tried to cover me in slime and consume me, but I let them consume the star power instead as I flew away from their world. Without the star power, I returned to my normal size and form.

The star power initially burned them, so I used Lucid Light to put out the flames on their planet. The planet itself became assimilated by the Minicube slime and chased after me. A colorful slime tendril extended from the planet and tried to grab me, but I escaped through a small portal I summoned with the Porta spell. The planet could not fit through the tiny portal.

I arrived back on the beach, feeling hungry again. I decided to eat at a beach shack owned by a chef with a giant tortilla chip for a head. That chef made some of the best shakes and spicy-honey meat dishes I have ever had. I ate to my heart's content and had a relaxing time.

