Dream journal date: 06/04/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. I look like a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword resembling a colorful futuristic crystal sword and an energy tether resembling a rope made of golden glittery light.

I am alone in a thick overgrown jungle.

My hands have been replaced with green metal stumps.

When I concentrate on the metal stumps, I can summon seemingly any kind of prosthetic hand I can think of out of green holo light.

I create a green holo light prosthetic shears hand and use it to cut my way through the overgrowth.

I discover a clearing where I am attacked by a giant spider.

Changing my shears hand into a machete hand, I slice through the giant spider.

I am suddenly surrounded by giant spiders.

I transform my machete hand into a soundwave blaster hand.

I fire out a powerful soundwave that causes all of the surrounding spiders to explode.

A massive queen spider falls from the sky and lands next to me.

I fire a sound blast at it, but it counters with a powerful screech that overpowers my sound blaster.

It opens its mandibles to try and eat me.

I change my hand from a prosthetic sound blaster to prosthetic hooks.

I use the hooks to pry the queen spider's mouth open.

I stretch the queen spider's mouth open so wide that I tear it in half.

With all of the spiders eliminated, I change the prosthetic hooks into prosthetic rockets.

I fly over the jungle and enjoy the bliss of a peaceful world full of life.
