I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. (The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.) (I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.) (My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.) (My Ghostly UFO, named Leon, resembles a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.) (Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit doesn't have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.) (Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day I created Second Brain, he helped me discover the much wider Storyverse. This was the start of my adventures to explore other Storyverse worlds.) (Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome color with spiky slicked back yellow hair and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They have the power to manipulate matter, and they were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.) (Lucid Light is a reality warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.) (Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.)

Savannah (A pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that covered her forehead, with glowing red eyes, and wearing a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She is wielding a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.), her father Tecton (Tecton is a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre, barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.), and my drone Chipper (Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot) all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026. 

(My name is Jet. Here is a general description of what I look like "Man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a “Dream Anime” graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword (My rainbow sword resembles a colorful, futuristic, crystal sword.) and an energy tether (My energy tether resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.).")

Dream Journal Reconstruction

Before falling asleep, I had been thinking about what kind of extraordinary event could happen overnight that would make me wake up in a world that felt much more like a comic book. It seemed as though the easiest way for that transition to happen would be for some inciting incident to suddenly give a large number of people superpowers. Superhero stories often used radiation, pollution, or mutation for that purpose, so I began wondering what a modern version of such an event might be.

When the dream began, I was lucid and experiencing what I thought of as one of my “God dreams.” My lucid dreams often seemed to fall into different categories. Some were adventure dreams in which I traveled through the Storyverse, saved people, completed quests, and used my powers. Others were “spirit hop” dreams in which I was somehow controlling a person who was not me without knowing why I was inside their body. In a God dream, however, I did not descend into an existing Storyverse world. I created a new world and contemplated how it worked. These could sometimes resemble the quiet “study dreams” in which I thought deeply inside a study, office, or even an outdoor space.

In this God dream, I began constructing a new Storyverse world around data centers, pollution, and superhuman abilities. Data centers in this world were using swamp water as part of their cooling process. That water contained traces of frog DNA, and pollution from the data centers began infecting people and transforming them into humanoid frogs with special conceptual powers.

I thought of these people as Dynamancers, borrowing the term from an upcoming game because I did not know a better way to describe them. They could also have been called concept manipulators or concept mages. Each Dynamancer’s magic was tied to one concept, but that limitation still allowed an enormous range of possibilities. A love Dynamancer, for example, could do anything that could reasonably be connected to love. The concept itself was the only real boundary.

The world fascinated me because the transformations made the conflict surrounding data centers even more complicated. I was already very supportive of data centers because I believed AI gave people something analogous to superpowers by expanding their capabilities. In this world, however, the effect was literal: data-center pollution was actually giving people powers. Some people would see the transformation as humanity entering an incredible new era in which concepts became power. That reminded me of how a strong idea could now be brought to life with AI. Other people would argue that granting powers to so many individuals would inevitably create supervillains and that the danger they posed might outweigh the good accomplished by superheroes. Even after something this extraordinary happened, the world would remain sharply divided over data centers and their consequences.

At some point, I lost my lucidity and was swept into an academy that also functioned as a dormitory. I was living there and attending school again for reasons I did not understand. I knew that it was still the modern day, but the academy contained a great deal of retro technology and other objects from the 1990s. There was a problem involving the electrical power and the monitor equipment inside my dorm room.

A group of armored paramilitary men escorted someone I had known in school into the room. He had bullied me during middle school, although he had not really bullied me once we reached high school. I did not want to name or describe him. He repaired the problem with the power and monitors, but I was confused about why paramilitary personnel had needed to bring him there.

After finishing the repair, he handed me what I first thought of as a flyer but was actually more like a release form. Within the dream, he had accidentally killed someone. I did not know anything about him doing that in waking life, but it was part of the situation the dream had created. He was now performing good deeds in the hope that someone would eventually sign the form and secure his freedom.

I began crying because I could not bring myself to sign it. I understood that he was trying to make amends for his past, and I knew that refusing might be selfish. Nevertheless, we had a bad history, I had never wanted to see him again, and fixing the power problem was not enough for me to place his life in my hands. I told him that if he continued doing good deeds, somebody else would eventually give him another chance and sign the form. I was not declaring that he could never be redeemed or immediately condemning him to a particular sentence. I simply could not be the person who granted him that freedom.

After refusing, I began calling him by a different name. When he asked why, I explained that although I did not like him at all, he had always reminded me of a character I did like from a television show. That character had been placed in a very similar situation in which his life depended upon performing a series of good deeds. The fictional character had also fought demons.

The former bully then began transforming into a demon himself. The paramilitary men had somehow disappeared, leaving me alone with him. Red and blue slimy tendrils spread across his body as though he had been infected by a symbiote, turning him into a red-and-blue demonic symbiote creature. He attacked me and tried to use objects from the dorm room as weapons to kill me.

The academy’s abundance of strange 1990s objects ultimately gave me a way to fight back. Among them was a bizarre, full-sized motorized zip-line toy. I managed to set it up while the creature chased me. Once we entered a hallway, I used the zip line to propel myself into him and kick him through a window, defeating him.

Immediately afterward, I returned to lucidity and found myself once again observing the frog world I had created. Nothing significant appeared to have changed there while I was gone. My main reaction was astonishment at how wild the academy story had become during the period when I lost control of the dream. I then resumed watching the frog world as though returning to the project I had briefly left behind.

Before long, I sensed that it was probably getting close to my usual waking time. I decided that I should wake up, and then I did.

