Dream journal date: 06/07/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, a full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword, which resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether, which resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrived alone in the shadows of the incredibly tall emerald spirals known as the Turtle Towers.

There I met the guardian of Turtle Towers, Turtalia, a humanoid turtle woman with blue eyes, long black hair worn as a ponytail, dressed in glowing labradorite bikini armor.

Turtalia explained to me that within the walls of Turtle Towers is the Multiverse Power.

The Multiverse Power is what she herself once used to carry the entire multiverse on her back as the legendary World Turtle known across the world in a number of different mythologies.

She used to puppet worlds and their people by literally carrying them across the cosmos, but she now recognizes the error of her ways.

She no longer believes in enslaving others to bend to her will.

She believes the full Multiverse Power is too mighty for anyone to wield.

That is why she has stored it within Turtle Towers and uses the magical energy stored within her armor to protect the towers from those who would dare try to steal it.

Turtalia and I possess a strange bond that appears like a stream of minty green sparkling energy that connects us.

Together we ride on the back of a mighty, giant, flying serpent through the mystical power of the Northern Lights while patrolling to protect the Turtle Towers from the Exterminators.

The Exterminators wear yellow hazmat suits and wield purple crystal acid sprayers that they use to try and erase anyone who stands in their way.

Working alongside Turtalia, I infiltrated the ranks of the Exterminators and managed to use their own acid sprayers against them.

Eventually I got cornered within the locker rooms of the Exterminators base, but I was rescued by a strong warrior, an ally of Turtalia's, with slicked back hair dressed in all black with a long duster who threw me with all of their might out of the base and into the safety of the sky.
