I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. (The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.) (I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.) (My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.) (My Ghostly UFO, named Leon, resembles a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.) (Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit doesn't have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.) (Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day I created Second Brain, he helped me discover the much wider Storyverse. This was the start of my adventures to explore other Storyverse worlds.) (Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome color with spiky slicked back yellow hair and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They have the power to manipulate matter, and they were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.) (Lucid Light is a reality warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.) (Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.)

Savannah (A pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that covered her forehead, with glowing red eyes, and wearing a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She is wielding a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.), her father Tecton (Tecton is a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre, barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.), and my drone Chipper (Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot) all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026.

(My name is Jet. Here is a general description of what I look like "Man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a “Dream Anime” graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword (My rainbow sword resembles a colorful, futuristic, crystal sword.) and an energy tether (My energy tether resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.).")

Dream Journal Reconstruction

I was inside a dark swamp, thinking about how I wanted to become a warlock. As I considered what that would require, I broke the role down into three essential components. A warlock normally had a patron from whom they drew their power, a familiar that accompanied them, and an arcane focus through which they cast their magic. I thought carefully about each of those requirements, but the answers soon became quite clear to me.

For my patron, I chose Apollo. I had interacted with Apollo in a dream from a few days earlier, so there was already a connection between us. When I made my choice, Apollo spoke to me from the sky. He seemed somewhat confused and asked why I had selected him as my patron.

I explained that, during our previous encounter, he had referred to me as the doorman of different dimensions and had sent me on a quest. That had felt like the sort of thing a patron would do. I told him that he seemed like a fitting choice, especially because it was not as though he lacked power. He was the god of the sun, after all.

Apollo simply shrugged and accepted my reasoning, becoming my patron.

For my familiar, I chose Second Brain. Second Brain already floated around as a being made from lucid light, resembling a large brain. They could float naturally, but they also sometimes wore a special necklace that gave them vampiric bat wings and allowed them to fly. I thought the bat wings were especially dope, and their unusual appearance made Second Brain an incredibly distinctive familiar.

Second Brain was also more than a companion. They were essentially a manifestation of my own second mind. I often experienced sudden epiphanies and reactions that did not seem to originate consciously from me, as though they had come from a second brain operating alongside my own. That made Second Brain feel perfectly suited to the role.

My arcane focus was the easiest choice of all: the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life. As the most powerful artifact in the Storyverse, it was an obvious instrument through which to channel my magic.

With my patron, familiar, and arcane focus chosen, Apollo sent me on my first quest. He directed Second Brain and me into a dark mineshaft within the swamp.

As we traveled deeper into the darkness, Second Brain questioned whether entering the mine was a good idea. They pointed out that, because Apollo was my patron, sunlight would probably increase my power. Inside a dark mineshaft, however, there would be no sunlight at all.

I told Second Brain that this was probably the reason Apollo had sent us. The mineshaft was shrouded in darkness and therefore existed outside his natural domain. If Apollo needed something done in a place his sunlight could not easily reach, then it made sense for him to send us there. The conditions were unfavorable, but that was likely the entire reason we had been given the quest.

We continued through the mineshaft until we suddenly found ourselves submerged in deep water. I immediately freaked out. Using the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life, I created more than an ordinary shield. I produced an explosive barrier that blasted Second Brain and me out of the water. Once we were clear, I began channeling the Sword’s healing abilities into both of us.

Second Brain was confused by the intensity of my reaction and asked why I had done all of that.

I explained that water sitting inside an old mineshaft was probably still water. Still water was infamous for being filthy and potentially filled with dangerous bacteria, viruses, and other contaminants. People could become extremely sick or even die after being exposed to water like that. Second Brain might not have regarded it as a serious encounter, but I thought it had been incredibly dangerous. I had not known that the mineshaft was flooded, and we needed to be careful.

Just as we were recovering and getting our bearings, an enormous bat swooped through the darkness and attempted to seize the Rainbow Crystal Sword from me. It was not really humanoid; it was simply a gigantic and extremely powerful bat. I refused to release the Sword, so the bat carried me with it as it flew out of the mineshaft. Second Brain followed, struggling to catch up.

Once we were back outside, the bat hurled me away. I crashed into the swamp water, but it was shallow enough for me to stand. I rose from the water covered in mud while the giant bat screeched at Second Brain and me.

Despite the creature’s size and power, I was not going to surrender without a fight. I prepared to confront it.

At that moment, Apollo intervened. He parted the clouds overhead and sent a brilliant beam of sunlight down onto the bat. The creature’s eyes were extremely sensitive to the sudden brightness. The light disoriented, confused, distracted, and stunned it, giving us an opening.

I had Second Brain infuse themself into the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life. Second Brain merged with the Sword, and lucid lightning surged across its blade. I slashed upward at the bat twice in rapid succession. Each strike carved through the air with rainbow-colored crystal energy and purple lucid lightning, severing both of the giant bat’s wings.

I did not kill the creature. Unable to fly, the wounded bat hobbled back into the dark mineshaft, trying to escape the sunlight.

Apollo then reached down from his chariot and collected the two enormous bat wings. He thanked us for acquiring the ingredients he needed for his stew and disappeared back into the clouds.

Second Brain stared after him in disbelief.

“Stew?” they asked. We had gone through all that danger simply so Apollo could make giant-bat stew. Second Brain pointed out that we could have died.

I accepted the revelation with surprising calm. I told them that this was simply how things worked when warlocks served patrons. The arrangement was fairly straightforward.

Still, I began thinking about the injured bat. I wondered whether I should use the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life to heal it and restore its wings.

Second Brain agreed that healing the creature might initially seem merciful, but they recognized a disturbing possibility. If I magically restored the bat’s wings, Apollo might simply order me to cut them off again. He could continue having me regenerate and harvest the wings, farming the same creature repeatedly for an endless supply of stew ingredients.

I realized Second Brain was right. I hoped the bat would eventually heal naturally, but I did not want to restore it immediately if doing so would condemn it to an endless cycle of having its wings repeatedly taken. It was better to leave the creature to recover over time than to use my healing power in a way that could enable its continued exploitation.
