I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. (The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.) (I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.) (My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.) (My Ghostly UFO, named Leon, resembles a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.) (Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit doesn't have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.) (Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day I created Second Brain, he helped me discover the much wider Storyverse. This was the start of my adventures to explore other Storyverse worlds.) (Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome color with spiky slicked back yellow hair and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They have the power to manipulate matter, and they were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.) (Lucid Light is a reality warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.) (Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.)

Savannah (A pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that covered her forehead, with glowing red eyes, and wearing a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She is wielding a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.), her father Tecton (Tecton is a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre, barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.), and my drone Chipper (Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot) all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026. 

(My name is Jet. Here is a general description of what I look like "Man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a “Dream Anime” graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword (My rainbow sword resembles a colorful, futuristic, crystal sword.) and an energy tether (My energy tether resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.).")

Dream Journal Reconstruction

I found myself in a prison located in an isolated, rocky desert. I was not inside one of the prison buildings, but in an open courtyard or work yard enclosed within the prison grounds. There was no grass anywhere around me. The landscape consisted of bare stone and desert terrain, while far beyond the outskirts of the prison I could see a distant forest of evergreen pine trees.

I was lucid and knew that I was dreaming, but I was not myself in this dream. This was one of those dreams in which I seemed to inhabit and control the body of an entirely different person, although I could not remember the term I had previously used for that experience. I appeared to be a muscular man who was perhaps half white and half Asian. I had short- to medium-length black hair parted down the middle. I was shirtless and wore the orange pants from a prison jumpsuit, making it clear that I was one of the prisoners.

Over my body, I wore a metallic exoskeleton harness that increased my strength and durability. I had been sent into the yard to perform prison labor by mining rare ore and minerals from the rocks. With the power of the exoskeleton, I did not need conventional mining tools. I repeatedly punched the rocks with my bare fists, breaking them apart so that the valuable resources inside could be collected for the prison.

Because I was lucid, I began wondering who this person was and why I was controlling his body. His orange jumpsuit pants established that he was a prisoner, but it seemed remarkably dangerous for a prison to entrust an inmate with an exoskeleton that made him extremely strong and durable. I reasoned that he had probably been imprisoned for something in the past but had demonstrated exceptionally good behavior—good enough that the prison authorities trusted him to use this powerful equipment for labor even though it could potentially help him escape.

Rather than continuing to play along with the unknown narrative of this man’s life, I decided to make a break for freedom. The exoskeleton pushed and strengthened my body as I ran, allowing me to move much faster than an ordinary person. I felt almost like Superman, and it did not seem as though anything would be able to stop me from escaping.

However, I was not actually as powerful as Superman. I could not run faster than a speeding bullet, and the warden shot me as I fled. Although the harness had increased my strength and durability, it had not made me bulletproof. The wound was fatal, and it seemed as though I was going to die.

Even as I was dying, I remained aware that I was lucid dreaming. I normally possessed the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life in my lucid dreams, one of the most powerful artifacts in the Storyverse. Although I was not physically holding the sword, I conjured its power through my chest and performed a soul-splitting technique. Just as a soul would ordinarily leave a body at the moment of death, the Life Sword cut my soul out of my dying body. It then immediately drew my soul back inside, resurrecting me before death could take hold.

The warden began to panic when I returned to life. Nothing about the exoskeleton harness could explain my ability to resurrect myself. In response, he activated one of the prison’s turrets and ordered it to open fire on me. Now that I was channeling the power of the Rainbow Crystal Sword, I summoned a shimmering crystal shield around my body. The shield intercepted the turret’s barrage and deflected its bullets away from me.

Protected by the crystal shield, I gathered as much strength as I could through the exoskeleton harness and launched myself into an enormous leap. I soared farther and farther away from the prison until the turret’s bullets could no longer reach me. I crossed beyond the rocky desert surrounding the prison and entered the distant evergreen pine forest on its outskirts. Having survived the warden’s bullet, resurrected myself with the Rainbow Crystal Sword of Life, and escaped the prison’s final assault, I disappeared into the forest and was free.

