Dream journal date: 06/29/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword resembling a colorful futuristic crystal sword and an energy tether resembling a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrived alone in a conjunction of possible futures, where I theorized about how robot companions would reshape the idea of family.

The idea of renting your personal robot to businesses in order to make money sounds like something that could happen, but I highly doubt that a person's worker-bot and their main companion-bot would be the same robot.

While intelligent, autonomous, humanoid robots are arguably general purpose, I still believe that they would largely be purchased and utilized for specific niches.

I believe this is especially true in a future where humanoid robot companions are affordable enough for people to own multiple.

The dream shifts to me exploring an ocean of macaroni and cheese, and a beach made of cracker crust.

The ocean was so thick that I did not have to worry about buoyancy.

I could simply swim and enjoy the combination of flavors to my heart's content.

The dream shifts and I find myself in a play.

I win an award performing in the play, and I am celebrated as a genius.

I wear a futuristic watch that I built, that impresses those around me.

I actually have a false awakening during this part of the dream, where I woke up still in this world where I am a play actor.

This made the play world seem particularly real.

A jealous co-star tried to poison my drink, but I could see through their ruse because it was a drink I would never consume.

It was an alcoholic beverage, but I never drink alcohol and I have no desire to drink alcohol.

This allowed me to regain my lucidity and use my Lucid Light to call in the authorities.

Overall this dream was a wild adventure, where I had a lot of fun just exploring such imaginative worlds.

