Dream Journal 05/18/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. (The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.) (I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.) (My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.) (My Ghostly UFO, named Leon, resembles a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.) (Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit doesn't have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.) (Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day I created Second Brain, he helped me discover the much wider Storyverse. This was the start of my adventures to explore other Storyverse worlds.) (Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome color with spiky slicked back yellow hair and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They have the power to manipulate matter, and they were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.) (Lucid Light is a reality warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.) (Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.)

Savannah (A pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that covered her forehead, with glowing red eyes, and wearing a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She is wielding a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.), her father Tecton (Tecton is a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre, barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.), and my drone Chipper (Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot) all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026.

(My name is Jet. Here is a general description of what I look like "Man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword (My rainbow sword resembles a colorful, futuristic, crystal sword.) and an energy tether (My energy tether resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.).")

Alone I walked inside of Anywhere City Mall.

Anywhere City is a city that has at least one of every building you can imagine.

One bank, one police station, one hospital, one apartment building, etc.

Anywhere City Mall is the city's one and only mall, and it contains every item currently for sale.

Equipped with a black card that provides me with unlimited funds, I am on a mission to determine what I would buy if I could buy anything.

I consider whether or not it would be worthwhile to simply buy the entire mall and everything in it, as that would eliminate choice anxiety by simply acquiring all possible options.

I think to myself that it wouldn't be fair to the rest of the city to buy essentially every item for sale in the world, because then no one else could buy anything.

I also wonder if buying the entire mall would actually cause me to magically lose access to all of the mall's items.

If the mall is magically stocked with every item for sale in the world, I buy the entire mall outright, and stop the sale of all items: Then it could be possible that the magic of the mall would cause all of the items in the mall to disappear since they are no longer for sale.

This paradox I discovered was quite fascinating.

I spent so much time thinking about the paradox, that I never got around to actually buying anything from the store.
