Dream journal entry dated 05/10/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

Jet arrives alone with two strange surprises.

The first surprise is that his form quickly shifts into someone else's. He becomes a man with tan skin, spiky brown hair, orange goggles, a red jacket, black pants, and black boots.

The second surprise is that this world is home to territorial, humanoid dinosaurs.

A brown humanoid T-Rex races out of the forest toward Jet with his fist raised. Jet tries to use Lucid Light, but instead his body starts to break apart as his hands transform into a giant metal shield that blocks the punch from the humanoid dinosaur.

Jet realizes that this strange other form is made entirely of nanites. He blocks several more strikes, then turns entirely into a cloud of nanites. The dinosaur's punches pass through him like mist.

Jet flows through the air as a cloud of metal nanites into the humanoid dinosaur's nose. He coats the dinosaur's brain in nanites, takes over its mind, and makes it punch itself over and over until it loses consciousness.

Jet escapes back out of the dinosaur's nose as a cloud of nanites, but when he reforms he is back in his normal Jet form: dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks under a black hoodie over a Dream Anime graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, warm brown eyes, rainbow crystal sword, and golden glittering energy tether.

A woman with black space bun hair, a white bodysuit with red accents, a red cape, and white boots descends from the sky. At first she is skeptical that Jet defeated the powerful beasts of this world, then impressed once she sees his nanite abilities in action.

As a reward for defeating the beast, she carries Jet into the sky above the jungle as she flies through the air.

The dream was built around excitement, discovery, and action. Sometimes nothing can beat good old superpowered combat.

