Dream Journal 07/08/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. I look like a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword that resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword and an energy tether that resembles a rope made of golden glittery light. I can use Lucid Light, a reality-warping energy that resembles sparkling purple energy shining like a night sky full of stars.

I arrived alone in the arctic.

I discovered a city of igloos, where the people who lived there bartered with auralite crystals.

They valued auralite as if it were literal magic, which makes sense considering that if you gave someone enough auralite they would be willing to do anything.

Auralite mining is particularly dangerous because a rare breed of dinosaur lived deep within the nearby cave systems.

These dinosaurs had natural armor plating that resembled auralite as a way to lure in prey.

The dinosaurs survived off of the geothermal heat that radiated in the lower levels of the caves, and they feasted on whatever creatures wandered too close to their home.

The miners knew this and could largely avoid disturbing the dinosaurs.

The people of the city loved watching the aurora move through the sky, playing their seal-skin drums, and laughing together as one big family.

A sinkhole opened up in the middle of the city to a giant geothermal vent that at first seemed like a blessing.

The people gathered around it for warmth like a communal fire.

But that warmth made the city suddenly a safe zone for the dinosaurs, who emerged from their caves and attacked.

I intervened by using my Lucid Light to create a wandering hero known as Insulation Annie.

Insulation Annie was an explorer who spent her time studying far-off lands.

Her power is that she can expand her back into a large shield of insulation putty to protect herself and others from attacks.

Using her back as a shield would not be enough to keep the people safe, so she decided to lay down over the sinkhole and plug the hole with her back.

The insulation foam sealed her in place, trapping her on the ground forever.

Without the heat from the sinkhole, the dinosaurs retreated back to their cave.

The people were thankful for Annie's sacrifice, and fed her offerings to keep her alive.

Eventually, after generations, Annie's body would wither away and leave behind only the insulation putty.

She would be forgotten by the people she protected, but her protection and the peace it brought would last forever.

I really enjoyed exploring this city and getting to know its people.

I chose to make Annie a tragic hero, but I do feel bad for her.

She was treated as a godlike hero beloved by all, but that does not change the fact that she was forced to be stuck in one place for the rest of her life.

I love being at home and like staying inside all the time, but at least I get to pick my home.

The next time I decide to create a hero out of Lucid Light, I might choose to give them a slightly happier ending.
