I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

Alone, I immediately encounter a strange white creature with round solid crimson eyes, white fur, a rat head with dog teeth, and a doglike body.

It is docile at first, but quickly becomes aggressive.

To stop it from attacking me, I capture it in an orb of Lucid Light.

Inside the orb it calms down significantly and starts walking around like a hamster in a little ball.

Seeing how calm it is, I think maybe it has changed.

I pop the orb, but the creature immediately becomes aggressive again.

It tries to attack me, so I use Lucid Light to reshape it.

I change its fur to dark gray and replace its eyes with glowing green cybernetic eyes.

The cybernetic eyes provide a calming sensation that soothes its brain.

It becomes just as docile as it was in the orb, but now it is seemingly more intelligent.

It suddenly wears a brown apron and can walk around on two legs.

It becomes a tinkerer.

Whatever I did to calm its mind seemingly advanced it as well.

As the dream shifts, I find myself battling a villainous warlord who is a humanoid pickle wearing a medieval purple button-up shirt.

The warlord believes that villainy deserves to rule the world.

He keeps trying to recruit me, but I refuse to take his side.

He is not difficult to defeat, but he keeps multiplying.

Each clone is weaker than the last, until eventually his clones are more or less harmless.

Defeating the clones earns me a meeting with a production company that wants to make a movie about me.

The meeting is interrupted by another warlord attack.

The warlord has become so weak that he must rely on drones to do his dirty work.

I wake up before I can fully figure out what the warlord is up to.
