06/30/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

Alone I arrived in a beautiful, grassy green land, covered in pink flowers, with rivers that moved in reverse up waterfalls, and a giant mountain on the edge of the world.

The land was populated by trolls of different colors with pointed elf-like ears, red eyes, shaggy fur, and bell shape heads.

Most of the trolls were friendly and they could tell that something was bothering me.

I was bummed out, because I've heard that global warming has passed the point of no return on my world and that my world is essentially doomed.

The troll god known as "The Master", shot a bolt of lightning down on the peak of the mountain and left a mystical lightning staff known as the "The Master Rod".

The trolls sent me off with their climbers to go claim the staff, because it might be able to save my world.

The climbers were a group of seven trolls who had trained their whole life for the chance to one day claim the staff.

One of the climbers was a speedster with purple lightning abilities, who had no intention of sharing the power of the staff with anyone.

In order to outpace the speedster, I used my lucid light to summon a motorized mountain bike powered by elemental cores.

The bike allowed me to race directly to the top of the mountain and claim the staff for myself.

This angered the speedster, who confronted me on the mountain top.

The elemental cores in my bike attracted an energy vampire ogre who fell down from space and attacked.

The trolls assumed the ogre was after the staff, but I knew better because I'd faced one of these ogres before.

The ogre grabbed the bike to start drinking its energy, so I used the Master Rod to strike the bike with lightning.

The bike burst and the elemental energy poured down into the ogre's mouth faster than they could drink it, overloading the ogre with elemental power.

The ogre was going to explode due to having consumed too much power at once.

I used the staff to launch the ogre high into the sky with lightning, and then I used my Porta spell to transport the ogre through a portal to somewhere far away where they could explode without harming anyone.

I gave the staff to the speedster and told them that it likely couldn't help save my world, which confused the speedster.

The dream then transitioned a few times to a few different worlds.

One was a virtual anime battle world, where beings battled using impressive super moves like black holes and energy absorption bubbles.

On that world, I got excited watching the action.

On the next world, I was inside of a drama television series where a female wrestler was obsessed with me while also acting as my arch-nemesis.

I had to race her downhill in an energy construct race, to save baby dinosaurs that she had trapped in an energy construct plane that was rolling uncontrollably at full throttle down hill.

Before I could save the baby dinosaurs, I found myself back in the grassy green world of the trolls.

My alarm then woke me up at 4:30 AM.

