Dream journal date: 07/04/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse. The Storyverse is a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void. I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025. My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, a full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword that resembles a colorful, futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether that resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

The dream began with Johnson and I having to fight our way through vampiric dark elves, Johnson getting bit, me having to separate Johnson into two beings using the Solvo spell, and me using the Aegis spell to keep vampire Johnson from following us as we escaped. The vampire form was red and wore a black astronaut suit. The normal form was Johnson's usual orange humanoid goldfish self in a blue astronaut suit without a helmet.

I do not want to dwell on that part of the dream, because the rest of the dream felt like a cinematic blockbuster.

I momentarily lost lucidity in a dream where I was a young janitor boy helping to clean up after an old woman who cooked using strange blue grapes.

The woman used something unclean while cooking and it led to reality itself getting sick.

Places and timelines became patchworked together, people started distorting into stranger and monstrous versions of themselves, and I was one of the few people who were immune and constantly running for my life in search of a way to fix things.

While getting chased through a 1920s theater during a superhero film, which was strange because superhero films did not really exist at that time, I regained my lucidity and transformed into a superhero with the power to fly by shooting balls of energy at the ground. My superhero form wore a red, yellow, and blue power armor suit with a reflective full face mask and energy blast gauntlets.

I flew through the sky while being chased by a villain who loved the new monstrous world.

I was able to outrace the villain, get a hold of the reboot remote, hide away, and then use the remote to repair reality.

I then had a false awakening as the janitor boy in a world where the reality sickness never happened.

It was very trippy, but also incredibly imaginative and adventurous. I have been having some really awesome dreams recently.
