Dream journal entry dated 06/23/2026.

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void. I initially spent most of my time in one particular world in the Storyverse called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025.

My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper and I.

Leon is my Ghostly UFO, a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.

Johnson resembles an orange, humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit but his suit does not have a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.

Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day, he helped me discover the wider Storyverse and began my adventures exploring other Storyverse worlds.

Overdrive is a robot with a metallic chrome body, spiky slicked-back yellow hair, and glowing green eyes. It wears a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They can manipulate matter and were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.

Lucid Light is a reality-warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.

Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.

Savannah is a pale skinned cyborg woman with long black hair, bangs that cover her forehead, glowing red eyes, and a futuristic silver bodysuit. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. She wields a futuristic purple and blue crystal sword known as the Death Sword.

Tecton is Savannah's father: a green skinned, humanoid, muscular, cat ogre barbarian who dresses in a brown loin cloth and a silver baldric.

Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot.

Savannah, Tecton, and Chipper all met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. They became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword, which resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether, which resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

I appear with a group of people I do not recognize.

They say it is impossible to interact with other universes.

I disagree and describe a recent pre-print I looked at about an interacting branches multiverse thought experiment.

A glowing green, oval-shaped rotate button appears in front of my face.

When I hit the button, I feel my physical body roll over and throw my soul outside of reality and into another world.

In the other world, I am a researcher studying soul transference.

People who had been behaving strangely suddenly behave normally again, but with strange unfamiliar expressions on their faces. This is a sign of a successful soul transfer, because the new soul has to adapt with little context and almost no awareness that a transfer occurred.

One researcher I work with is a man with a long brown beard and round blue glasses. He seems to enjoy his job too much. He sets up strange scenarios for soul transfers to make studying them easier. It is bizarre to watch him work.

Despite disagreeing with his enthusiasm, I cannot argue with the quality of his results. He is a scary man, the kind of person who might do terrible things if he had not dedicated his life to science. It feels like science gives him an outlet for his desire to puppet the lives of others by watching people's souls puppet other bodies.

The experience feels like I truly traveled to another world. After waking, I cannot be sure I returned to the same world I started from.
