Dream Journal 06/25/2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes that float together in a cosmic void.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a "Dream Anime" graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a rainbow sword, which resembles a colorful futuristic crystal sword, and an energy tether, which resembles a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrive alone on an alien planet. The planet has a yellow sunset sky and futuristic silver cities full of skyscrapers. On the outskirts of the city, I stand on a rural isolated island surrounded by docks and bridges.

There I meet an alien man named Bradlynn who has green skin, a diamond shaped head, white oval shaped eyes, a metallic blue beanie, a red button up shirt, yellow pants, and red shoes. Bradlynn impatiently waits for me to describe what it is that I want to dream about, as he writes the details down on a clipboard.

I take pictures of my surroundings with a camera and tell Bradlynn that this world is what I choose to dream about. He finds my choice kind of boring, but he is glad that my description was fairly short and to the point.

I follow him back to his office, where he reveals that he does this for all dreamers and that he exists in everyone's dream simultaneously. He describes this place as the "Dream Station" where dreamers log their dream desires before being guided into the dream of their choice.

I ask what dream most people choose and Bradlynn says that the Neon Crystal Nightclub has been a popular destination for many recently. Uninterested in a nightclub experience, I decide to stay with Bradlynn which somewhat annoys him.

I have a false awakening, where I am talking to a couple women in an apartment about Bradlynn and the Dream Station. One woman seems to remember the Dream Station for her own dreams, while the other is uninterested in the concept and just wants to party.

The overarching theme here seems to be the difference between dreaming to explore the world of dreams and dreaming just to party. Both certainly have their place, but dream adventures at times seem to be more my speed. Dreams are not just vacations from the waking world to me. Dreams are a world in and of themselves that deserve to be explored.
