Dream journal date: July 14, 2026

I induced lucidity via sleep paralysis.

This dream takes place in the same continuity of lucid dreams that started on 06/11/2025 and has continued to the present. These dreams take place in the Storyverse, a multiverse where all possible story ideas exist as cosmic bubble universes floating together in a cosmic void.

I initially spent most of my time in one particular Storyverse world called the Elven Village, which I discovered on 06/11/2025. My team includes Leon, Johnson, Second Brain, Skelebot, Overdrive, Savannah, Tecton, Chipper, and me.

My Ghostly UFO, named Leon, resembles a ghostly flying saucer with an ethereal green glow. Leon first appeared in my dreams on 06/11/2025.

Johnson resembles an orange humanoid goldfish. He wears a blue astronaut suit without a helmet. I befriended him in a dream on 08/03/2025.

Second Brain is a floating brain made of Lucid Light. I created him in a dream on 09/06/2025. On the same day, he helped me discover the much wider Storyverse, beginning my adventures to explore other Storyverse worlds.

Lucid Light is a reality-warping energy wielded by Lucid Lords. It resembles sparkling purple energy that shines like a night sky full of stars. I discovered the power of Lucid Light in a dream on 07/19/2025.

Skelebot is a robot created by Johnson to act as the team's humanoid speedster. He was created in a dream on 09/21/2025.

Overdrive is a metallic chrome robot with spiky, slicked-back yellow hair and glowing green eyes. They wear a yellow shirt, yellow jacket, yellow pants, and yellow sneakers. They can manipulate matter and were created in a dream on 10/20/2025.

Savannah, her father Tecton, and my drone Chipper met me in early 2026 while adventuring through the Super Cathedral. They became official crew members aboard Leon on 02/18/2026. Savannah is a pale-skinned cyborg woman with long black hair and bangs covering her forehead, glowing red eyes, a futuristic silver bodysuit, and a futuristic purple-and-blue crystal Death Sword. Her long black hair and bangs are key identifying features. Tecton is a green-skinned, muscular humanoid cat-ogre barbarian who wears a brown loincloth and silver baldric. Chipper resembles a small levitating silver crab robot.

My name is Jet. I am a man with dark-brown skin, a full dark-brown beard, long dark-brown dreadlocks spilling from beneath a black hoodie over a “Dream Anime” graphic tee, black athletic pants with a white stripe, white sneakers, a black cross-body belt bag, and warm brown eyes. I have a colorful futuristic crystal rainbow sword and an energy tether resembling a rope made of golden glittery light.

I arrive alone on a rooftop, where I try on different custom superhero power suits.

I try on a jet pack suit that feels a little plain.

I try an armored version of the jet pack suit that feels like it is missing something.

I try on a version that has built in laser weapons that feels closer to what I want but overly bulky.

I switch away from the suits entirely to instead wear an anti-gravity force field belt.

The belt was much lighter than all of the suits, still allowed me to fly, and granted me incredible protection without having to wear armor. By flexing my limbs in different directions I can use the belt to project force in said directions as shockwave attacks, focused force beams, fortified all around protection, and of course sustained flight.

While I liked the belt, I still wanted to wear an actual superhero suit to go with it.

I put on a full body suit with a black mask with white eye lenses. The mask covered my entire head. The suit had green armored chest padding, black boots and gloves, a black cape with an orange inner layer, and my yellow anti-gravity force-field belt.

With my whole outfit on, I set out into the sky over the city.

A giant flaming ogre appeared, but I didn’t want to fight him.

I told him that sometimes I just want to enjoy my powers instead of having to fight a big monster.

The ogre explained that they too are a hero, and that they didn’t come to fight me.

The ogre swallowed me and inside of its body was a bachelor pad with an arcade.

The ogre’s powers involve growing stronger when he’s damaged from the inside, so I helped the ogre increase their strength by punching at their bones.

The ogre’s name was Pyrogre, and he is very nice.

Together we’re an incredible superhero team who are more focused on relaxing than saving the world, but we’re not opposed to helping those in need if the situation demands it.

Although the wider Storyverse team remains part of this continuity, Jet arrives alone and none of those teammates appear during this dream.
